Look up to the stars and you are lost at sea.
Your behavior can be predicted.
The answer you’re searching for, to help explain why you exist, is as disappointing as the life you live. You shouldn’t really expect anything differently.
Scrolling through miles of a meaningless assortment of text and pictures only proves how useless you are.
You can choose to die on your feet like a fool, or to die on your knees like a coward. There is no honor or pride in either decision.
You are 999,999 in 1,000,000.
God is dead.
You will all die alone, unloved, and forgotten.
Existence is meaningless without true love and happiness, and you shall find neither.
There is no body of water large enough to drown your sorrowful existence, and no current strong enough to wash away the disappointment you’ve exuded onto the Human Race.
No one is keeping tally of your feeble existence but you.
The existence of a soul has never been proven for a reason.
No medicine will cure the sickness that lives within you.
There are no clocks in Casinos, so the inhabitants are not aware of how much time they are wasting away within their confines.
There is no alternative to death.
You will die alone.
Sticking your hand in a waffle-iron will help alleviate your shame.
No warmth nor light lies beyond the veil of death, do not fool yourself.
Existence is meaningless without true love and happiness, and you shall find neither.
You make as much impact on the world as a ping pong ball on a brick wall.
No medicine will cure the sickness that lives within you.
There is absolutely nothing you can do to keep the people you know and love from falling out of contact with you.
Be thankful that life is not a video game, so that you may live in the bliss of only having failed once in the span of your existence.
In space, no one can see you cry; the tears that pour from your nasolacrimal ducts (tear ducts) have no gravity to pull them down your shameful, shameful face.
Your words have no weight in this world.
You will always feel empty inside.
No matter how good you get at tennis, you'll always loose to a wall.
Nobody will remember you for your pathetic achievments.
You cannot escape.
Everything Fact Seagull says is true.
Don't go around saying the world owes you anything. You owe the world your life, which is entirely pointless.
A life spent making mistakes is not only useless, but more harmful than a life spent doing nothing.
Every mistake you make is another reminder by the world that you will never succeed.
I regret every moment of your life, and I barely even know you.
You are a horrible person.
You are a bad person and you should feel bad.
They only laugh out of pity for you.
Nothing you do will ever make up for the resources you've used to continue your useless existence.
I hate you.
You should just die now, it would make everyone happier.
